Improve ansible PyPI README (#474)
ansible-community/antsibull: src/antsibull/data/ansible-readme.rst

orchestration. Ansible makes complex changes like zero-downtime rolling updates with load balancers
easy. More information on the Ansible `website <https://ansible.com/>`_.

> This is the ``ansible`` ccmmunity package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the ``ansible`` community package.
```

> ``ansible`` contains a set of independent Ansible collections that are currated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``ansible`` contains a set of independent Ansible collections that are curated
```

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/b9713d0af649f318e7e5e77e1fcab96f4cf1e30b

> by the community, and it pulls in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
by the community and includes
```

Author: It doesn't include ansible-core. ansible-core is a separate package. I'm fine with something other than `pulls in`, but I don't like `include`.

`ansible-core <pypi.org/project/ansible-core/>`_.

> The ``ansible-core`` package contains the core engine and cli tools (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``ansible-core`` package contains the core engine and CLI tools (such as
```

> ``ansible``, ``ansible-playbook``) while ``ansible`` contains extra modules,

Reviewer 4: I find the differing use of ``ansible`` back to back a little confusing without qualifying terms surrounding it, I'd like to suggest something similar to the following as a change:

```markdown
The ``ansible-core` python package contains the core runtime and CLI tools (such as
``ansible``, ``ansible-playbook``) while the ``ansible`` python package contains extra modules,
plugins, and roles.
```

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/b9713d0af649f318e7e5e77e1fcab96f4cf1e30b

> ``ansible``, ``ansible-playbook``) while ``ansible`` contains extra modules and
> plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ansible``, ``ansible-playbook``) while ``ansible`` contains extra modules,
plugins, and roles.
```
There are also playbooks, but these aren't properly documented yet.

`Installation guide <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/index.html>`_ for details on installing Ansible
on a variety of platforms.

Reporting Issues
================

> Issues with plugins and modules within the Ansible package should be reported at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Issues with plugins and modules within the Ansible package should be reported on the individual
```

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/b9713d0af649f318e7e5e77e1fcab96f4cf1e30b

> collections' respective issue trackers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
collection's  issue tracker.
```

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/b9713d0af649f318e7e5e77e1fcab96f4cf1e30b

> Issues with ``ansible-core`` should be reported in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Issues with ``ansible-core`` should be reported on
```

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/b9713d0af649f318e7e5e77e1fcab96f4cf1e30b

> `its issue tracker <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`the ``ansible-core`` issue tracker <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/>`_.
```

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/b9713d0af649f318e7e5e77e1fcab96f4cf1e30b

GNU General Public License v3.0 or later

> See `COPYING <COPYING>`_ for the full license text.

Author: This link is dead. Not sure where it should point to.

Reviewer: That's a good question. https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/COPYING maybe? The corresponding file in antsibull that's included in Ansible releases (https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/blob/main/src/antsibull/data/gplv3.txt) is also a possibility.

Author: > The corresponding file in antsibull that's included in Ansible releases (https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/blob/main/src/antsibull/data/gplv3.txt) is also a possibility.

I think that's the best option

Author: https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull/pull/474/commits/ffa27a7d7abf5ccdb14be2646f729157581926af
